PICServo Controller 8 Servo VariantHome | Site Map 
      Home
      Products
      RS232 Level Converter
      Services
      Free Projects & Info
      PIC Servo
      Embedded CRC16
      GerberPlot
       PIC Based Serial Port Servo Controller 8 Servo Variant
      Author: Ashley Roll, March 2002. 
      Many Thanks to Richard Gardiner for providing this program for everyone! 
      Its a small PC program that allows you to control all the servo outputs 
      for the 8 servo variant. You can download it here Servo.zip (12KB) 
      I won't put Richard's email up on the site because of spam email, but 
      there is a button in his program for you to contact him, I'm sure he would 
      like to here from you if you use it. 
      You can download the PIC program which contains a HEX file which most PIC 
      programmers can read; and a PIC Assembler code (ASM) file if you would 
      like to see how it works or modify it. 
      I used the free PIC assembler from Microchip, the manufactures of the PIC 
      range of Microcontrollers. 
      Servo Controller Commands
      The commands are the same as the 4 servo version, except that there are no 
      longer any digital output control commands. See below for a quick listing. 

      The software now recognises channels 0 to 7. These map to RB0 to RB7 on 
      the PIC. Note: the servo pin numbers have changed! What was Digital 0 is 
      now Servo 0, what was Servo 0 is now Servo 4. 
            HexDecimalData ByteDescription
            000YesReset the controller. All outputs off, all servos disabled and 
            all servos position and offset values are set to 128 (midrange). The 
            data byte following this command MUST be zero. To ensure that a 
            reset command it actually executed, send three consecutive zero 
            bytes.
            1016YesSet the servo output 'Position' value for the servo specified 
            in the channel nibble. The data byte contains the new position value 
            between 0 and 255.
            2032YesSet the servo output 'Offset' value for the servo specified 
            in the channel nibble. The data byte contains the new offset value 
            between 0 and 255.
            3048NoEnable Servo Output. Start generating the servo control pulse 
            for the servo specified in the channel nibble.
            4064NoDisable Servo Output. Stop generating the servo control pulse 
            for the servo specified in the channel nibble.

 © Copyright 2006, Digital Nemesis Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. | privacy 
statement | contact us 
Last updated: Sun 18 Dec 2005 06:20 UTC 